In this lecture, we are going to add a spinner to the image.
After uploading an image, the user doesn't know that the image is uploading in their eyes.
The image has already been uploaded.
The moment it appears in the block, we should add a spinner to indicate the image is uploading.
Try adding a spinner as an exercise.
If the URL to the image is a blob, the spinner should appear.
Otherwise the spinner can be hidden.
This means the spinner must be conditionally rendered.
Pause the video and give it a try.
Good luck.
Welcome back.
Hopefully you were able to add the spinner.
If not, that's fine.
Let's go through the solution together in your editor, open the index JS file for the team member block.
First we must import the spinner component.
This component can be imported from the WordPress Flash Components package.
Next, let's scroll to the image tag.
This tag is responsible for displaying the profile image of a team member.
Below this tag add an expression.
Let's add the following expression is blob your URL.
IMG URL and Spinner.
The condition is the blog URL function.
If this function returns true, the image is being uploaded.
Therefore, we are going to render the spinner component.
That's it.
We've added a spinner.
Let's try testing our code.
In your editor, try uploading a new image after adding the team members group block to the page.
As the image is uploading, the spinner component will appear before disappearing.
Once it's gone, the image has been uploaded.
The spinner may appear briefly.
If you're on a fast internet connection, it can be difficult to view the spinner.
Before ending this lecture, I want to quickly show you the CSS for the spinner.
The spinner component generates an SVG tag.
This tag has the component spinner class applied to it by default.
The spinner does not use absolute positioning.
If you were to add the spinner component next to an image, the spinner would not appear above it.
We must apply absolute positioning to achieve this effect.
I wanted to mention this in case you want to apply the same effect to your custom blocks.
With that out of the way.
Let's keep working on our blocks.